=head1 NAME

SWML::Parser - An SWML text document parser

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use SWML::Parser;
  $parser = Whatpm::SWML::Parser->new;
  $parser->onerror (sub { ... });
  $parser->parse_char_string ($string => $doc);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<SWML::Parser> module is an SWML text document parser.  SWML is a
markup language used in SuikaWiki.  The parser converts a string of
characters representing an SWML document into a DOM tree.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $parser = SWML::Parser->new

Creates a new instance of the SWML parser.

=item $parser->onerror ($code)

=item $code = $parser->onerror

Get or set the error handler.  Note that this version of the SWML
parser does not report any error at all.

=item $parser->parse_char_string ($string, $doc)

Parses a character string and constructs a DOM tree.

The first argument, I<$string>, is a I<character> string to be parsed.

The second argument, I<$doc> is a C<Document> object to which the
parsed result is constructed.  Any existing child node is removed
before parsing.

The C<Document> object must be an instance of DOM C<Document>
interface, implementing the manakai DOM Perl Binding specification.
L<Web::DOM::Document> is an example of such DOM implementation.

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCY

The module requires Perl 5.8 or later.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

=over 4

=item SWML

SuikaWiki Markup Language (SWML)
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/www/markup/suikawiki/spec/swml-work>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

The SuikaWiki project <http://suikawiki.org/>.

L<Web::DOM::Document> in the perl-web-dom package
<https://github.com/manakai/perl-web-dom>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2008-2014 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
